 I'm gonna talk to you about some things I've learned in my journey. Most from experience, some of my hurt and passing, many of my steel practicing, but all of them I do believe are true. Life is not easy, it is not. Don't try to make it that way. Life's not fair, it never was, it is it now and it won't ever be. Do not fall into the trap, the entitlement trap, a feeling like you're a victim. You are not. Get over it, get on with it. So the question that we've got to ask ourselves is what success is to ask what success is to you. Is it more money? That's fine, I got nothing against money. Maybe it's a healthy family. Maybe it's a happy marriage, maybe it's a help-others to be famous, to be spiritually sound. To leave the world a little bit better place than you found me. Continue to ask yourself that question. Are you answering me change of the time and that's fine? But do yourself this faith. Whatever your answer is, don't choose anything that will jeopardize yourself. Prioritize who you are, who you want to be, and don't spend time with anything that antagonizes your character. Be brave, take the hill, but first answer that question, what's my hill? For first, we have to define success for ourselves. And then, we have to put in the work to maintain, take that daily talent, tend our guard, keep the things that are important to us in the shift. Where you are not is as important as where you are. It is just as important where we are not as it is where we are. Look, the first step that leads to our identity life is usually not. I know who I am, I know who I am. And the first step, the first step, usually I know who I am not, process of elimination. Defining ourselves by what we are not is the first step that leads us to really know who we are. You know that group of friends that you hang out with that really might not bring out the best in you. They got so too much, you got to shape it, really like the feet there for you in a pinch. Or how about that bar, we keep going to, that we always seem to have the work to handle tomorrow. Or that computer screen, the computer screen that keeps giving us an excuse, not to get out of the house, and engage with the world and get some real human interaction. How about that food that we keep eating? That tastes so good going down, makes us feel like we are after next week, we will do a larger, we keep putting on weight. Well, those people, those places, those things, stop giving them your time and energy. Just don't go there, put them down. And when you do this, when you do put them down, you put them down. You put them here, you put them here in the new time, you inadvertently find yourself spending more time and in more places. That are healthy for you, that bring you more joy. Why? Because you just eliminated the who's, the where's, the what's in the wind, that will keep in you from your identity. It shows me too many options. I promise that too many options will make a tyrant of us all. All right, so get rid of the excess, the wasted time, decrease your options. If you do this, you will have accidentally, almost innocent, put them from you, what is important to you. I process elimination. No one who we are is hard. It's hard. Give yourself a break. Eliminate who you are not first. And you're going to find yourself where you need to be. Instead of creating outcomes that take from us, let's create more outcomes that pay us back. Feel us up. Keep your fire lit, turn you on for the most amount of time in your future. If you try our best, we don't always do our best. Our architecture is a verb as well. Since we are the architects of our own lives, let's study the habits, the practices, the routines that we have that lead to and feed our success. Our joy, our honest pain, our laughter, our earned tears. Let's dissect that and give thanks for those things. And when we do that, guess what happens? We get better at them. And we have more to dissect. Be discerning. Choose it because you want it. Do it because you want to. We're going to make mistakes. You got to own them. Then you got to make a men's. Then you got to move on. Yilt and regret feels many a man who are done. To turn the page, get off the ride. You are the author of the book of your life.